Create documentation_process.md (#11)
research-software-ecosystem/micoreca: documentation_process.md

## Curation of the workflowhub output
In order to have the most relevant tool to the microbiome community we manually curated the workflowhub output generated by the python web scrapping tool. 

> To do so we excluded the tools where the description evoled around terms like: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, we excluded the workfows where the description evolved around terms like: 
```
